Issue and PR templates (#183)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--

> Please check out the [Code of Codunt](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [Contributing](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) docs before opening a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before opening a pull request.
```
